index.md, before:

---
title: "Bio"
layout: single
author_profile: true
---
Bio:
Hi, I am Pranav Sampathkumar. (Sampathkumar is just my father's name. I come from a culture where second names aren't common)
I am from Chennai, India. 

After majoring in Mechanical Engineering for my undergraduate programme,
I decided to pursue a career in fundamental Physics.
While all of undergraduate Physics was self-taught alongside my engineering education at the university,
I formally started pursuing a Masters in Physics at TIFR, since Autumn 2016. 

Current Position:
- Visitor (Department of Theoretical Physics)
    Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Mumbai, India

Research Interests:
  - Model independent analysis of various physical systems to find deviations from standard physics using anomaly detection techniques
  - High Energy Physics and Cosmology with emphasis on numerical computations and Machine Learning.

Other Interests:
  I do a lot of things in my spare time. I like doing various online courses to learn indepth about various fields. 
  Theoretically few of my interests include - Computer Science Theory, Philosophy, Linguistics, Human Behavioral Biology, History and Storytelling.
  Practically, My interests include - Procedural World Generation, 3D Modelling, Writing, Linux Configuration, Customising emacs.

Last Updated : 14th March 2020.

Commit message:

Include thesis synopsis and some minor changes

index.md, after:

---
title: "Bio"
layout: single
author_profile: true
---
Hi, I am Pranav Sampathkumar from Chennai, India.
I am currently a visitor at Department of Theoretical Physics, Tata Institute of Fundamental Research, Mumbai, India

After majoring in Mechanical Engineering for my undergraduate programme, I decided to pursue a career in fundamental Physics.
During my undergrads, I caught up on undergraduate physics, and formally started pursuing a Masters in Physics at TIFR, since Autumn 2016.

## Research Interests:
  - Model independent analysis of various physical systems to find deviations from standard physics using anomaly detection techniques
  - High Energy Physics and Cosmology with emphasis on numerical computations and Machine Learning.

## Other Interests:
  In my spare time, I like doing various online courses to learn indepth about various fields, which aren't part of my primary research interests.
  These include Computer Science Theory, Philosophy, Linguistics, Human Behavioral Biology, History and Storytelling.
  Apart form these, I like to dabble in Procedural World Generation, 3D Modelling, Writing, Linux Configuration, Customising emacs.
  I am really interesed in fantasical worlds, I read a lot of books and manga of this genere. I hope to write a science fiction/ fantasy book some day.

Last Updated : 14th March 2020.
